let's make some gold welcome back to
while marketeer I'm a ridah and staining
here with me is my friend crackling Bank
another auction house addict like myself
and today I'm actually happy to announce
my videos are now being fed into the
undermind Journal website your source
for auction house statistics and data in
World of Warcraft and today we're going
to be talking about companion pets and
how to sell them and make gold on the
auction house so let's get started
companions companion companion
man plucky sure can be a chore to catch
hey everyone I'm just out about
gathering some vendor companions to sell
on the auction house to make some extra
gold this is an idea I reserved for days
where I get really bored or sick of
grinding mats to make flasks bags and
gems I'll be giving out some tips to
help you sell your vendor companions at
a quick pace while maximizing your sales
and earnings just keep in mind this idea
won't make you rich but you will earn a
darn good profit if you're persistent in
patient with selling what do I always
say in all of my videos that's right
patience is profit before you begin
flying all over it's a good idea to have
a premade list of vendors that sell
companions my main focus today will be
buying companions that are sold for
currency only this means gold silver or
copper and not reputation points or
other types of game currency and that
brings us to tip number one if you don't
have a premade list be sure to write
down the vendor names and the price you
pay for the companion so you know what
to post it for on the auction house you
don't want to accidentally post it for
too low and lose gold I recommend using
wow head for searching for companions
and the vendors that sell them you can
click on the vendor name and there will
be a map with a dot that shows you the
exact coordinates of where to go to buy
them Here I am out another storm at one
of my favorite vendors dealer rashad he
sells 8 companions and I buy them all
and that brings me to tip number two be
sure to stock up on the companions and
buy enough to last you until well at
least until you're ready to go out and
do this all over again now I typically
buy 10 of each companion and this will
last me about two to three weeks
depending on the saturation on the
auction house and again I don't use this
method as part of my daily gold making
but it is still fun to do and you can
make some good gold doing it now that
I've done my rounds and collected all
the companions I want to sell I've
mailed them over to my priest which I
like to call my vendor upper he sells
all the vendor items i buy on the
auction house I saw the companions using
TSM or trade skill master I base my
prices to sell on the price I paid for
them I usually saw the ones I bought for
50 silver or less for 50 gold and never
have a problem selling
them any companion out by over 25 gold I
usually solve for double the price I
paid or a little more and this brings me
to tip number three if you want to move
the companions at a steady pace don't
over price them be reasonable and solemn
at a price people will pay this is not a
market attend a price gouging this is a
tricky market and you have to be
somewhat generous with your pricing now
I want to cover my fourth and final tip
don't be like other people and post 10
options at a time you want to give
people the impression that these pets
and companions are hard to find and not
easily attainable post in increments of
two so the buyers won't say to
themselves what the heck it looks like i
can go farm this myself i'll just look
it up and check and then you end up not
selling your companions for that reason
alone but since i know you're all
smarter than that and going to follow
the tips I gave you shouldn't have a
problem